My name is Talon.
I'm the last Blackblood,
or so I've been told.
I escaped when Everit Dred
killed all my people.
I cut off the points of my ears
to hide in plain sight.
A tiny creature lives inside me,
passed to me by my dying mother.
It gives me the power to open
portals to another world
and summon powerful demons
called Lu-Quri.
But I can only summon them
when I have their names,
something that's proving
to be a challenge.
The Prime Order wants me dead,
but I've found sanctuary
at the farthest edge of the Realm
in a place known as the Outpost.
Previously on "The Outpost"...
So, if I'm going to help Gwynn,
I need to open the portal
and summon all of the demons
by name to this Realm.
- You summoned another demon?
- And a Blackblood.
- What happened to your head?
- Guess it wouldn't let her take it from me.
Your word you'll free my family?
- You have my word.
- If people stop taking colipsum,
- they won't become Plaguelings?
- Yes, but it's an addiction.
Munt, this is your new brother.
He's gonna be joining our operation
smuggling colipsum out of the Outpost.
- Where's everyone else, boy?
- We cannot let Dred reach the capital.
- They're all dead.
- What about Garret?
This is for Talon
and your queen.
I'm heading out to bring
my son's body back.
- Bring him home.
- Send out riders to every former noble.
Dare them to stand with you
against the Prime Order tyrants.
- Send for the scribes.
- It's time for a Pureborn to take the Asterkinj.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Have you given it some thought?
Don't worry.
Ekkundi isn't here.
He's watching the Dragman.
By your actions, I take it you haven't
come around to seeing the truth.
What truth? You tried to
cut something out of my head
and then kidnapped a child when
you realized you couldn't do it.
I didn't kidnap her.
She came willingly.
She knows her purpose
is to free our people
from the prison world
they were banished to.
If you could see the horrible
place that is the Plain of Ashes,
you would want
to help them, too.
What did your people do so bad
they had to be banished there?
We weren't banished.
We went willingly.
Why?
We were at war with the humans.
We made a plan that our entire war
party, Blackbloods and Lu-Quri,
would go through the portal
and wait in the Plain of Ashes.
Then a member of your tribe
was to sneak behind enemy lines,
reopen the portal there,
and we would make a mass surprise
attack behind their walls.
So what happened?
The portal was never reopened.
Your tribe conspired with
the humans to leave us there.
The Plain of Ashes was just
a prison to lock us away.
We had no way to return.
We didn't have the Asterkinj.
Your ancestors had it.
Asterkinj.
So that's what it's called.
It's the only way
to open the portal.
We trusted in our own kinsman,
but your kind betrayed us.
We've waited all these years
to return to this Realm.
Do you want me
to bring them back through?
No, I will do that.
All you have to do is
transfer the Asterkinj to me.
And why would I trust you?
The Dragman came to you.
She gave you the name of my Lu-Quri.
It wasn't an accident.
The Asterkinj was meant for me.
You know, my teacher said
I'm the one in prophecy
who's supposed to summon demons.
You think you're the one?
Did you really think the
prophecy could be about you?
Your teacher was wrong.
Your blood is unpure.
You could never lead our people.
Give me the Asterkinj.
Be done with it.
Where is the Dragman?
I want to see
that she's all right.
She serves me, not you.
- Then I need to hear that from her.
- So be it.
Come to the same clearing the day
after tomorrow when the sun is setting.
And you'll give her to me?
Have you not been
paying attention?
It is you who will be giving.
You will give me the Asterkinj.
The Dragman stays with me.
No deal.
If you kill me, my Lu-Quri kills
the Dragman and we all lose.
And if you kill me,
the Asterkinj dies with me.
You're good.
Soon we will fight side by side
against our common enemy.
And who may that be?
The humans, of course.
We can keep fighting, but it will solve
nothing and could ruin everything.
Take more time to meditate
about what I've said.
We are family, Talon.
We should work as a team,
you and I.
Two Blackbloods working together
to save our kind.
I'll give you two sundowns
to think about it.
And when you come, come alone.
Don't try to follow me.
Well, don't just stand there.
Close the damn gate, you bloody fools.
There's all sorts
of creatures out there.
Here we go.
Oi! What the...
Just saved your life.
You're welcome.
Talon, the Outpost
is falling apart.
I mean, it's after nightfall,
the gates are wide open,
and I just stopped a guard from
doing colipsum in the streets,
being the bloody hero that I am.
I mean,
Have you even seen Gwynn?
She's not being much
of a leader, is she?
Look, I don't really care
right now. I want a drink.
Oh, she wants a drink.
I've got a full suite, hmm?
Who thinks I'm bluffing?
Hmm? Go on, bet against me.
Go on.
I was bluffing.
Go on. Player, give me
another round.
Wait, wait, wait. Where are you going?
We haven't finished.
What do you think,
you think I'm gonna behead you
or something if you lose? Win.
I want a full table.
I want everyone on this table.
Come on. Her Majesty has important
business to attend to. Thank you.
I have nothing important
to do. Whoo.
Give my winnings to the poor.
What's gotten into you?
Where's Naya?
I sent her away. She was being a
spoilsport, much like you are now.
The Prime Order army
could be on their way.
If you keep this up,
we won't be ready.
Mm, yes, I, uh...
I didn't tell you, actually.
We received some news.
What news?
They've been coming in all day,
replies from the birds
and the riders we sent out.
Every nobleman, ever magistrate,
ever governor in the Realm
is swearing their allegiance
in the war that we started
to the Prime Order...
Against us.
- All of them?
- Yes.
Cowards.
I knew they wouldn't join.
- And now we don't even have...
- This will bring her around.
Mm, Janzo, that...
Mm.
- Gods.
- Skybalt venom.
Sobers you up fast,
also provides a blistering headache
that will last for hours.
How many noblemen
have yet to respond?
I'm not sure.
Not very many.
Have you had any luck
with your translator girl?
- Dragman?
- Yes.
Or have I lost all my chances
of getting a demon army as well?
Look, I'm working on it.
I hate to be the bearer
of more bad news,
but in case you haven't noticed,
the Outpost is in
complete disarray.
The men are unruly.
The fortification efforts
have all but stopped.
A new commander
must be appointed...
There's no one qualified.
Find someone. Anyone.
I will not replace Garret
with just anyone.
You're not replacing Garret.
You're replacing
a base commander.
I'm not the only one
failing at my job here.
- I don't see a demon army arriving any time soon.
- I said I'm working on it.
And, Janzo, how many more recruits have
to die of this Plagueling epidemic?
- Research takes time.
- We don't have time!
Do you know what will happen if
the Prime Order come tomorrow?
I will have to surrender myself
and beg and plead
for the mercy of the people
of this Outpost.
Don't say that.
Don't even think it.
Too many people
have died already.
Garret. Your father.
Yeah, and without them,
who will train the new recruits?
Who will plan the
fortifications and defenses?
Who will lead the men into battle
when the Prime Order comes?
You will.
You've done it once,
you'll do it again.
You're smarter
than every man I know.
I mean, not any ma...
It was always going to
be you, Your Majesty.
How am I going to do this?
With your friends by your side.
And then when the first row of trenches
is complete with spurs, dig another,
staggered from the first
like layers of brick
so that no direct approach
can be made by charging cavalry.
Your Majesty, we don't have enough
men to fill that many trenches.
We'll have to make do
until our allies arrive.
We will have allies?
Captain, only the most cowardly
nobles will neglect our call to war.
When should we expect them,
Your Majesty?
I hope by the time you've dug
the barrier trenches, Captain.
But there are no allies coming.
He doesn't have to know that.
Naya, I've been meaning to
discuss with you
some thoughts I've had
about the traitor among us.
Naya, are you well?
Oh, uh, it's only that I'm so
concerned about it, the traitor.
Yes, well, with Wythers gone,
I need you to help me
find out who let Dred go.
Yes, of course.
We need to find out
if there was a witness
who saw the perpetrator
go into the prison.
- Do you remember seeing anyone leave suddenly?
- Um, no, Your Majesty.
Oh, no, of course.
You weren't there, were you?
I was cleaning your armor.
There was mud and even
blood splattered.
I'll ask the watchman again,
but by Wythers' account,
most everyone
was with someone that hour.
I'm sure it's only a matter of time
before you discover his identity.
Yes, that's
what Wythers thought.
Only a matter of time.
- What's going on?
- An army approaches, Your Majesty.
- Under what flag?
- Can't say yet, ma'am.
Those are the clan banners
of Rovannus of Aegisford.
Even to fly those banners is in
defiance with the Prime Order law.
They're allies?
Or cleverly disguised enemies.
Whoever it is,
it's not Rovannus.
He'd be more than 60 years old.
Um, may I?
Oh, my.
I mean, yes, I see.
He couldn't be
more than... 30.
These fields are undisturbed.
I told you no one would come.
Makes my proposition
all the more compelling.
Let's go!
Just you and one other.
Your gates are closed.
That's not very welcoming.
We are at war
and must be cautious,
but we are hopeful
at the sight of the banners
- of Rovannus of Aegisford.
- Rovannus was my father.
He died last winter,
and all that was his
is now mine.
I have come by invitation
to see Rosmund,
the alleged daughter
of the fallen King Ranulf.
I am Her Majesty,
Queen Rosmund,
daughter of Ranulf,
the only surviving royal,
and heir to the throne.
I didn't imagine you would be
so beautiful, Your Majesty.
Oh, did I fail to
mention that in my letter?
I didn't think it could
possibly matter to anyone
but the most boorish
of our allies.
Fair points, but can we continue
this intercourse face to face?
We've ridden for two days,
almost from the minute
you invited us.
Your army will camp here
whilst I make preparations.
I will allow you audience
to my throne room.
He is bold, Your Majesty.
Mm, he didn't declare
openly his allegiance,
which means he wants something.
Probably money, land,
and a title, in that order.
But he'll find that
I'm not easy to bargain with.
Hmm, as long as you don't
scare him away, Your Majesty.
Can't afford to lose
your only ally.
What's all the fuss about?
I wish I had advisers.
When I was a child, my father had
a dozen wise councilmen around him.
I feel small and powerless.
One dragon is more than any flock of
birds, Your Majesty.
Having no council just makes
you all the more powerful.
You answer to no one.
Thank you, Naya.
I'll be sure to fill the room.
Send him in.
Your Majesty.
You're even more dazzling
up close.
Let's cut to it, shall we?
You're here because you support
my claim to the throne,
and when we are victorious,
you want to be rewarded for your loyalty.
What makes you so certain I've
decided to support your claim?
Maybe I'm only here
to size you up,
decide whether
you even have a chance.
Flying a Sovereign flag is a
treasonous act, punishable by death.
You've already made your choice
of who you stand with.
I raised those banners only as we
came into view of this Outpost.
And I gave orders to burn them
as soon as we set camp.
Then pray tell,
what are your intentions?
Or is all this
purely for entertainment?
I'll pledge my army.
I'll pledge my people,
my lands, and my life
to the crown forever...
on one condition.
And what is that?
What I ask...
is that you marry me.
I'm not asking you to love me.
And we only have to share
the same bed
long enough to father a son.
Though I suspect you'd want to
share my bed as much as possible.
I'm told I'm quite...
good in that area.
You will leave
my throne room immediately.
I'm sorry, did I offend
Your Majesty?
I will not be spoken to
in such a vile manner.
Please forgive me for my impertinence,
but allow me to make my case.
To be clear,
I do not want to be king.
I'm not after your power.
I'll merely be your consort.
Do you think that makes your
proposal any less preposterous?
Well, Majesty,
were our fathers still alive,
they'd probably arrange
this marriage themselves
- for the good of the Realm.
- They may have, but they did not.
I alone will decide
who my husband will be.
You and your husband
will decide, presumably.
Of course.
Majesty, I'm not asking you
to give yourself over to me.
You can have many other
lovers, and so will I.
Just as soon
as you bear me a son.
- You want a legacy.
- Yes,
to be a father
to kings and queens.
My bloodline will sit
on the throne for generations,
all leading back to me.
- That's all I want.
- Oh, is that all?
Tell me, Baron Aegisford,
do you play at cards?
Why, yes, of course.
Why do you ask?
Because you've
just tipped your hand.
- I have?
- And reminded me that I am
the only royal remaining.
Therefore my betrothal
is a card to be played.
The top ranking card
in the game.
But if I may extend
your metaphor,
there's only one match
to your card in a deck.
And that's where you're wrong.
We both know
that there are several cards
in a deck that could match.
Some might make
an even more winning hand.
You may go.
Three days.
I'll give you three days
to consider my offer.
And then, you're on your own.
My love.
Now, which one of you gentlemen
is going to escort me
to your finest
drinking establishment?
No! No!
Munt!
Get this vermin out of my face!
Right.
Out you go. Out you go.
Oof.
Elinor.
Has it really been so long?
Well, judging by
how old you look,
it's been at least
that long, Gertie.
I go by Gertrusha.
No one calls me Gertie.
I call you Gertie. I've been calling
you Gertie ever since I could talk.
Auntie Gertie!
Oh, go on, Munt.
Give your Auntie
a lovely big cuddle.
Just make sure you don't break
any of her scrawny old bones.
Aunt Gertrusha. Hello.
Welcome to the Outpost.
Janzo, look at you.
You were just a scamp
when I last saw you.
- What a man you've become.
- Hm.
If he's a man, I'm a virgin.
Janzo, get your Auntie
Gertie a lovely nice drink.
Put it in a clean glass.
Nothing best the best
for her royal daintiness.
No need, Janzo. I can't stay.
I'm Baron Aegisford's counsel.
There's much deliberation
to be done today.
Oh, my own sister,
Baron's counsel.
Who would've thought?
Who did you shag
to get that cushy racket?
I started as
the Baron's governess.
But I counseled his father
for many years
and became his most
trusted adviser.
Oh, so you're
his governess, are you?
More like his nanny.
Elinor, I'm sure
we have much to discuss.
Another time.
At your convenience.
Well, it's convenient now.
Perhaps tomorrow
I'll come for tea?
Whatever you fancy.
Tomorrow for tea then.
Baron's counsel. Wow.
- Janzo?
- Hmm?
You're not going to get
any rest tonight.
I want you to fix this place up.
I want all the tables cleaned.
I want this smell got rid of,
and I want... I want...
I want flowers on every table.
Flower...
Munt, you're coming with me.
Janzo!
Flowers on every table.
Okay, how much we got?
60 brick weights, ma'am.
Just 60?
All right. Sell it to all
the local dealers tonight.
I need gold, and I need it now.
Oh? But the street price
has fallen by more than half.
I don't care. You sell it.
You're looking a bit sharp,
aren't you?
Have you been skimming
off the bank?
No, ma'am. No.
Yes, I bought
just a couple of things,
but it's only because
I'm dealing with distributors
and I got to look nice.
You better not be
skimming off the bank.
This is what my empire is.
Halfwits harvesting fly's eggs
out of bloated corpses
in a sewer, of all places.
We could move it
to the mineshaft.
It's not about moving,
you imbecile.
It's disgusting. Just...
I want to be proud of my work.
I want respect.
People respect you.
Yeah, but not those people.
The people that count.
The people with real power.
But you're rich.
Yeah, but nobody knows that.
That's the problem
with dirty money.
You can't spend it.
I'm secretly rich,
and that's the same
as being poor.
- It is?
- She's turning up tomorrow,
and I want to show her everything I've
got, everything I'm worth.
And for that, I need bags
and bags of gold.
We'll push on every buyer
in the Outpost,
and every buyer
that passes through.
You'll double your gold.
But won't that turn
a lot more people Plagueling?
- People will die.
- Shut up, Munt.
I feel guilty playing cards
when there's so much to do.
Aren't you supposed to be out
rescuing your translator?
I'm meeting the other
Blackblood at sundown tomorrow.
And what are you going to do?
I haven't decided yet.
She has a demon.
Puts me at a disadvantage.
And you could summon them
without needing the child.
Even if I had the names, I'm not so
sure I could control all of them.
Well, you'll know what to do
when the time comes.
You always do.
I'm not sure I'm meant
to be the one to do it.
What does that mean?
Don't worry. I'll...
I'll work it out.
So, uh, tell me about the
chief of the hill people.
Baron Aegisford.
He's certainly no Garret.
Garret? I mean,
why would you compare the two?
Sorry.
I've traveled most of the Realm.
I've known a lot of men.
Garret was one of a kind.
He loved you, you know?
Well, let's just drop it.
You know, you say
you weren't jealous of me,
but I was certainly
jealous of you.
But love isn't for me.
Men always turn on me
or die on me.
Maybe you just pick
the wrong men.
What about Janzo?
Well, I mean,
you didn't go with Garret
so you could stay to nurse him,
and that says a great deal
about your feelings.
It's Janzo. I mean, I love
him, but not like that.
He certainly
cares deeply for you.
Stop trying
to change the subject.
Tell me about the chief
of the hill people.
Baron Aegisford has asked
for my hand in marriage.
And I assume you said no.
Well, I mean, he is handsome.
Yes.
As far as I can see, that's
about his only good quality.
- So you turned him down?
- Of course.
- Did you let me win?
- No. Why would I let you win?
You're just
as good at Octor as I.
What are you doing
up here, Talon?
- Seems like a good spot
to do some thinking.
I have till sundown to figure out
what I'm going to do about Rebb.
How about we put
some poison in the air?
That would kill
the Dragman, too.
Right, yeah.
Besides, I'm not so sure
I want to kill Rebb.
- She might be right.
- About what?
About everything.
Janzo!
Something strong.
You certainly are.
- Janzo!
- Mm.
Get this gentleman here
a stiff one.
You must be my sister's
handsome baron.
That I am.
So that means you're Elinor.
I see you're even more
ravishing than Gertrusha.
And I can see you're
even more full of dung.
Let me know if
you need anything.
Who knew there were so many pretty
ladies in this gods-forsaken town, eh?
- Allow me to introduce my...
- I know who you are.
So, how was your audience
with the queen?
She's a firebrand,
I'll say that.
Too much woman for you?
I thought you were a warrior.
I don't want to brag,
but I could knock down
any man in this Outpost.
Perhaps.
But what about a woman?
I'll get us a room.
I was challenging you
to a fight, you idiot.
You were?
I like to test my skills
on rude men
who think they're better
than everyone else.
- Never got your name.
- Never gave it to you.
So you up for the challenge?
Mmm. Good ale, barkeep!
I'm a brewer.
What challenge?
Sparring with that sweet thing.
Sweet thing?
This is going to be fun.
Hey.
She's going to pound that
pretty little face of yours
until you look like a Greyskin.
Sorry, Janzo.
This is one strange town.
So, how was your card game
with Talon?
It was good, thank you,
although I do feel
for the poor girl.
Why?
Well, I feel she needs
a love in her life.
- Someone she can count on.
- Don't we all?
- Mm.
- You have someone in mind, don't you?
Brewer. He's clearly
in love with her.
- Janzo? Really?
- What? Why not?
I mean, he's already
proven himself.
He's already in her life.
He just... he needs help.
I'd say he's a walking disaster.
I want you to guide him.
- Me?
- Make him into the man
- that Talon needs in her life.
- What if he refuses my help?
Just say that you're doing it
to make Talon
fall in love with him.
- But...
- He wants that.
That may be impossible.
I command you to do it.
Fix him.
Yes, your majesty.
Three drops.
That should do it.
Hmm.
Skyweed milk.
No immediate effect
on larval gestation.
Smell, mm. Ha-ha.
Smells like...
Talon's hair, actually.
Ahem.
That time I was
sneaking up on you.
Naya, please tell Gwynn
I'm working as fast as I can.
Oh, um, she didn't
send me for that.
- What, then?
- Well, um,
the Queen has observed
that you and Talon
have feelings for each other.
What?
And she wants me to help
prod the relationship along.
Relationship?
No, Talon and I are just friends.
But you could be more if we,
um, fix you up a bit.
- Fix me up?
- Yes. We can start with the hair.
I don't need fixing, thank you.
And why on earth would the
Queen care about the nature
of Talon and mine's friendship?
You're both
very important to her,
and she wants you to be happy.
That's very nice, but I am...
I am happy.
Look, I don't like this
anymore than you do,
but the Queen has commanded it,
and I know just the look
that would suit you.
The way I look is just fine.
Trust me, you'll like it.
Besides, what's the harm, hmm?
A new appearance certainly won't
make Talon like you any less.
Hmm?
Hmm.
- I look like a jerk.
- You look dashing.
I deal with jerks at
the Night Shade all the time,
and this man right here,
this one is not to be trusted.
But women love that.
Women love a man
they can't trust?
They love men
with a little danger.
Act assertive, confident,
and that's half the battle.
And... stand up straight.
- Now I feel like a fool.
- No, you don't.
Talon is going to faint
when she sees you.
Take this to the back, Munt.
All right.
Aah!
Something catch your eye?
Thank you.
Hey, barkeep.
- I'm a brewer.
- I can't decide.
Who do you think
is more beautiful?
The Queen or her handmaid?
Listen, honey,
when I've married our Queen,
you and I can play
whenever she's not around, eh?
Her Majesty is not to be
joked about.
Everything is to be joked about.
Have you heard this one?
A barkeeper
and a Queen's handmaid
stumble out of
a tavern cellar together.
The handmaid stands behind
the barkeeper and rubs his back
while he pours a drink.
And the barkeepers says?
She was interested in my research, okay?
Nothing else.
Stop laughing.
Stop laughing!
There's nothing funny about
what was going on downstairs.
When I am king,
you can be my court jester.
Look... when he becomes king?
Naya, what's he talking about?
Another refill out back.
- I think she liked it.
- Really?
Whispering sweet nothings
in his ear?
I'll take those.
Oh, hello.
Hey! Hey!
Janzo!
Come on, I barely hit
the smelly pig.
Janzo? Oh, Janzo.
I dare you to open
your big mouth.
Take it easy.
I'm not going to hit a woman...
No matter how beautiful she is.
I mean, seriously,
the women in this town,
it's like
the better-looking they are,
the crazier they are.
I'm going to hit you now.
Like I said,
I don't fight women.
Okay.
Go on. Get up.
No, I think I'll stay here
and catch my breath.
You're smarter than you look.
What did you go and do that for?
Naya said it made me
look more attractive.
Not your hair.
Why'd you pick a fight
with that idiot?
Same reason really.
Naya said, "You have to be
more assertive, Janzo."
You need to stop
listening to Naya.
She's gonna get you killed.
Coming from the woman
who takes me out to fight
demons and Greyskins
and Plaguelings?
Speaking of which,
it's almost nightfall.
Have you figured out a way
to get the Dragman back yet?
Yes. I decided
I'm giving Rebb the Asterkinj.
What? Talon,
why on earth would you do that?
We can find another way.
You've still got time, huh?
The smith thought I was the
one to fulfill the prophecy
because I was the only
Blackblood left.
But he was wrong.
There's a new one now,
one with pure blood.
Well, if it's not you,
then quite frankly,
the prophecy sounds
terrifyingly bad.
"To summon the slayers of men"?
Talon, that means to kill me
and to kill Gwynn
and to kill everyone you know.
"Summon the slayers."
That doesn't mean kill.
I can convince her not to.
Are you really that naive?
She's going to say
whatever she has to
to get that thing out
of your head.
She's a Blackblood, Janzo.
She's just like me.
And there are many more
through the portal.
What am I supposed to do?
Just leave them there?
What about...
What about your promise
to Gwynn?
I can't control a demon army.
Rebb and her Blackbloods can.
You're making a huge mistake.
Yeah, well, it's
my mistake to make, right?
At sundown,
I'm going out to meet Rebb.
I'm giving her the Asterkinj and I'm
helping her bring our people through.
Where's my boy?
Is my boy alive?
Garret?
Garret!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org